hi everyone my name is Jimmy Lambert 12
times UK nail champion nail professional
of the year 2013 and i also want to
scratch awards this year now lightest of
the air and nail slightest of the year
welcome to the nail teams tutorial site
on youtube hope you enjoy the video feel
free to leave me any comments thank you
Ray today I'm going to do a video on how
to do with the pigment blending into the
tacky layer of gel polish so we're going
to start off by doing one coat nice thin
coat avi gel polish
that first layer should always be nice
and thin
and if you're doing it over natural
nails you would have a base layer on
there as well and that wants to go into
your LED lamp for 30 seconds
so now we're ready for our second layer
still keeping it nice and thin
and again that wants to go into an LED
lamp for 30 seconds
so that second layer
had its full cure and we're going to use
an n SI size 5 brush dip it into the
pigment you don't need a massive amount
so really small amounts on your brush
tap it into that sticky layer of the gel
you
and then just brush off your brush and
pull backwards
that will blend it into the jail you can
then apply a topcoat
you
and that can go into the lamp for 30
seconds
you
once that nails come back out of the
lamp just give it a little wipe with
some gel cleanse or non aissatou and
polish remover and that's that nail
finished
if you would like to purchase any of the
products that I've used today please
contact us at www NLT com or you can
always pop into our shop in doncaster